Take all the money out of the
drawer and put it in a bag.
She already murdered a man.
Please let this one get away.
All the rules in this relationship.
I'm sorry.
But if you hit me or anything,
I might literally die.
Your case is dismissed.
You're free and clear.
I've found you a job.
Come and get it.
So I've met this girl.
You did?
Irma Levine.
You don't fool me.
She gives me a bit of trouble.
Learn the unknown English words
of this movie at www.skeebdo.com
Hello.
Ms Levine. Alan Shore.
Hello, Mr Shore.
Uh, is there something I can do for you?
There is.
And let me preface my remarks by saying
while we don't know each other very well and
while I'd rather be speaking to you in person
so as to beter gauge your reaction,
Ms Levine, I've been having certain
fantasies about you.
Intense, unabashedly sexual fantasies
and I thought we could meet to discuss them.
Did you get that?
One drink.
Ms Levine!
Mr Shore.
I took the liberty of ordering champagne.
Thank you.
So? These fantasies?
They're many and varied actualy.
But now that you're here they seem
a very poor substitute for reality.
Well, I'll admit I've been having
some fantasies of my own.
Have you? Tell.
I walk into a building.
My old high school gym
you follow me inside
and there are these booths
set up. It's election day.
Why not?
I go into a very small booth and
you follow me in.
Your hand, like the breeze,
reaches up my inner thighs
and I turn around and I say,
“It's not right”. And you say…
Shut up and let's do this.
And you say, “What's not right?”
And I say, “It's not right that I should
vote and my
vote doesn't count due to redistricting”.
What?
All of our elected officials are
redrawing the district voting lines
to tilt the elections in their favor.
Our officials are stealing our
country, Alan. And we need to stop them.
And I may need a lawyer.
And I'm guessing you're not
looking for a naked one.
This could be the worst threat to
democracy ever, Alan.
And no one is paying attention.
We're gonna make them pay attention.
Take our votes now!
Oddly, this was one of my fantasies.
And the chilly weather is certainly an
added bonus.
Pack it up, ladies.
Pack it up.
All right. Ladies! That's it. Let's go.
Okay. Everybody stay calm. Alan? Alan?
Yes! No problem.
Ah. Ah.
I forgot what I was going to say.
Oh yes! Ah.
And I say this with great reluctance. Here.
Don't answer any questions.
I'll be down to bail you out as soon as I can.
And I'm not sucking up.
Saving that boy the way you did?
You're a real local hero.
And the media darling.
The cameras loved you.
–Thanks.
–Hm.
Alan Shore said some
very good things about you.
Well! He's an excellent attorney.
So tell me.
Why do you want to work
at Crane, Poole and Schmidt?
The money.
I've served for six years
at the D.A.'s office.
Working eighty hour weeks,
eating dinner out of to-go tins.
My furniture is from my parent's garage.
And buy my clothes
from “Janey's Dress for Less”.
I could tell you some crap about wanting
new and exciting challenges and blah, blah, blah.
But, why not just be honest? It's the money.
What kind of business
could you bring to the firm?
Oh, I made a lot of contacts
when I was doing white-collar crime.
I also know a lot of cops and
detectives, and inspectors.
And of course I am wired
into the D.A.'s office.
Uh huh!
That's a website for a ski resort?
Yeah. Whistler. Do you ski?
No.
And it's really a shame cuz here I am
freezing my butt off of Mount Bendejo.
Adios, muchacha.
Mr Hopper has finally come around.
It took us a long time to get him here,
but he's willing to settle.
I'm thinking of getting them
to rename lung cancer after me.
Daniel? Are you listening to me?
Think about it. You know, it makes sense.
The Lou Gehrig thing?
We're going in now.
Good morning, Samantha.
Mr Hopper in the rest room?
No. His wife just called.
He died this morning.
I can't believe you did this to me.
What did I do?
This.
It's complete chaos out here.
I've never seen anything like it.
Ha, ha, it was quite a scene.
Oh, look! It's me!
I can see that.
You were there in a sea of
breasts and you didn't invite me.
It wasn't a sex thing, Denny.
This was a political protest
about a serious issue.
I heard there were two hundred
women. That's four hundred breasts.
And you kept them all to yourself.
I have to get to an arraignment.
The topless woman?
Yes.
I'll go with you.
It's in court. She'll be completely dressed.
Aww. Why are they pixelating them?
This is a cable news channel.
You can show breasts on cable.
Yes, may I help you, dear?
This is my office.
Oh. I needed a base of
operation for my sandwich cart business.
But, I…
You're a first-year? Right?
Well, it goes like this.
Named partner, senior partner,
junior partner, senior associate,
sandwich lades, Xerox guy, janitor, first-years.
But I…
I'm on the phone, dear.
Oh.
Did she know that when she asked him?
Oh, no! Ha, ha.
The lawsuit's been dropped.
The claims died with Hopper and the
wife decided not to pursue it any further.
I wanna see she gets
the original settlement offer.
You don't have to do that, Daniel.
Sure I do.
Hey! You busy tomorrow night?
No. Why? What's going on?
I thought you might wanna go to a funeral.
Hopper's?
No. Mine.
We'll go in my limo. I got a TV,
I got the uppy downy things so we can
make out and the driver can't see us.
Yeah.  Uh.  I love making out
on the way to funerals,
especially with the guest of honor.
What's wrong with wanting
to see your own funeral?
Besides, if you wait till you're dead
you don't get
to hear all the great things
people say about you.
Think about it.
Daniel!?
Denny!
Lookin' good.
Thank you. Do you wanna
come to my funeral?
Oh, funerals are sad.
Oh, this one's gonna be fun.
Count me in.
Tomorrow night.
No can do. Busy.
Rain check?
Absolutely.
He's a keeper.
Denny's great.
Yep.
He doesn't hear a think
anyone says, does he?
Nope.
Ms Raines? How was your
interview at Crane, Poole and Schmidt?
Short.
Docket number 667065,
Commonwealth versus Irma Levine.
One count of disturbing the peace.
Your Honor, at this time the people
would like to amend the complaint.
We are charging Ms Levine with Penal
Code two-seven-two, section sixteen.
Open and gross lewdness
and lascivious behavior.
Are you out of your mind?
How do you plead Counselor?
Time out. Your Honor,
that charge is a felony.
This woman was arrested
as part of a political protest,
there was nothing lewd
and lascivious about it.
Read the statute. She violated it.
This is absurd.
If she is convicted she'll be forced
to register as a sex offender.
Save it for the jury, counselor.
How do you plead?
Even more not guilty than we were
prepared to plead a moment ago.
Conference with the clerk
to set the trial date.
Next case.
Why are you doing this?
I'm late.
There were two hundred women
arrested that day.
Are you going to charge them all
as sex offenders?
We're going to see
how this case goes first.
What the hell happened in
your interview with Holly Raines?
I don't like your tone.
And you're square.
Game over. Now what the hell happened?
Didn't like her.
She was only here for the money.
Brad! Everyone from the
senior partners to the
assistant janitor
is only here for the money!
Okay. Look. You had an affair with Tara.
You paid your assistant to sleep with you.
I'm a partner now, I'm not gonna let you
use this firm as an escort service!
This was not about sex!
It's about bribery!
I had to offer her an interview to get
Catherine Piper off.
Now you've made her mad and she's
taking it out on another client of mine!
What the hell are you doing?
Strengthening my quads. Ski season.
They say it was caused by stress from
the first Gulf war.
But, whatever the cause,
Brad Chase does indeed suffer
from a severe case
of Irritable Bowel Syndrome
and his gastroenterologist has told him
to take up sports to strengthen
the gluteus maximus muscles
to control things back there.
And this is the first I've ever heard
of it but apparently
the high altitude of the ski slopes is
also good in helping to prevent leakage.
Something to do with the thin air.
So. Long story short I will get you
another interview with a named partner.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Now, can you please charge Irma Levine
with something reasonable?
Or better yet just drop the whole thing.
Can't do it.
I'll never be able to guarantee you
a job but I promise…
I know you think this is about me
being mad at Crane, Poole and Schmidt,
but it isn't. This comes straight from my boss.
Why does the District Attorney care about this?
He wants to set an example to
discourage these kinds of protests.
Ms Raines. If you convict Irma of this charge
she'll have to register as a sex offender.
She'll be lumped into the same group
as rapists and child molesters.
All because of a political protest.
How can this seem even remotely fair to you?
It's out of my hands.
Parson's trial. We're trying to plead this out,
so I want you to research any cases
involving deaths resulting from marital disputes.
I'm on it.
I do have a slight problem.
There's an old woman in my office.
Pardon?
The sandwich lady.
Catherine.
She's taken over my office.
Am I to understand that you,
a lawyer working at one of the most
prestigious firms in the Boston area,
cannot negotiate with the sandwich lady
to get her out of your office?
Well, of course I can.
I just don't wanna take up the firm's
billable time.
You think this will take time?
Well, no sir. I'll take care of it.
Forget I said anything. Please.
Shirley! Just the person I needed to see.
I'm in a terrible bind and I
need to borrow your breasts.
All right. But have them home by eleven.
I'm sure you've followed Irma Levine's
case in the news.
I have.
Then you know the D.A.,
or whoever is pressuring him
is attempting to suppress political protests.
Naked ones, yes.
This is not a small issue, Shirley.
This type of thing is going on
all over the country.
They've banned roadside parking
and camping in
Crawford, Texas to stop people from
protesting the war.
If you criticize this administration,
they just might reveal your wife is a CIA agent.
Congress is creating a law that forces
people with political blogs either register
with the government or face potential prosecution.
Little by little people are being silenced.
I need your stature. Expertise.
Cut the crap, Alan, it's about boobs and
you need a nice pair at the table.
You are absolutely delicious when you
cut to the heart of the matter like that.
They are throwing everything at me, Shirley.
I need to throw everything back.
I'll think about it.
Think fast.
If I agree to help you, one condition.
I assume during the course
of this case, breasts
will be referred to
in many colorful ways.
One would hope.
Personally however I don't ever want
to hear them referred to as ‘hooters’.
I hate that word.
Oh, and this is a little off topic,
but I hate the word ‘underpants’ too.
If I can have your breasts I promise not
to say, ‘hooters’.
Thank you, Alan.
Now, for underpants,
if you promise not to wear any…
Goodbye, Alan.
We advised her to put
her clothes back on,
but she and her cohorts insisted
on marching around topless.
And Officer Minden,
The District Attorney's here.
Scott Bodnar.  Politicians are drawn to
cameras like flies are drawn to…
Politicians.
And what was your reaction to the
defendant's toplessness?
I was shocked. Offended.
Were you the only one offended?
No, ma'am.
We've received numerous complaints from
the community about the defendant's behavior.
Thank you.
Ms Levine and her cohorts, as
you so colorfully referred to them,
were there as part of a political
protest, correct?
So she says.
So she says…
She was holding this sign.
Yes.
Not exactly the stuff erections are made of.
Objection.
Sustained.
Isn't it true
that more people paid attention once
the protesters took off their tops?
They drew a bigger crowd, that's for sure.
Thank you.
Then… Uh, one last thing.
As a beat cop, who regularly pursues
rapists, murderers and other violent criminals,
and also as who protects the rights of the KKK
and other provocative groups who
are legally permitted to protest,
can you sit up there and honestly tell us
you were offended by a group
of bare breasted protestors?
They broke the law, Mr Shore.
I find that offensive.
Shocked.
Shocked and appalled that people would so
blatantly flaunt our obscenity laws.
Whore. Any place there's a camera
there's Bodnar having sex with it.
Where have you been keeping your head?
Around. I didn't see you on
the balcony the other night.
Bev and I had something to do.
Then we did it again.
Alan?
I heard that you asked Shirley
to be part of your dream team.
Why her and not me?
Shirley has breasts.
Ours are just beginning to develop.
You're starting this case off
on the wrong foot.
How so?
It's got everything.
Sex, politics, everything
but one key ingredient,
Denny Crane. I'm in.
Denny, you don't even know
what this case is about.
It doesn't matter.  I don't have to know
what it's about in order to try it.
I want you out of my office.
I'm an attorney, I graduated top of my
class at Suffolk University Law School,
I passed the bar exam the very first try
and I was recruited by the best firms.
I killed a man.
Never seen those on TV.
There's that whore!
Watch out everybody the real whore's here.
Denny!
I don't have a tranquilizer gun so
I'm going to have to reason with you.
We agreed you could be on this case
only if you don't speak.
Speak in the courtroom.
Besides it's opportunities like this
that make Crane, Poole and Schmidt
Crane, Poole and Schmidt.
Denny Crane. Ten cents a dance.
Hey, Scott!
Denny.
I'd just like to say that most of
us begin life suckling on a breast.
If we're lucky we end life
suckling on a breast.
Anybody who's against breasts
is against life itself.
Denny Crane.
Mr Crane! Mr Crane! Excuse me!
Sir? Any comments?
Ms Levine? Can you tell me what this is?
It's a map of the Boston area
congressional district.
This is district four.
How would you describe its shape?
It's shaped like a large intestine.
Now, why would we, as a people,
choose to shape a congressional district
like a large intestine?
We don't. Our elected officials do.
Say you voted for the incumbent
congressman last election,
and I live on the opposite side of the
street and I voted against him?
His party can draw the line down the
middle of the street
to include you and exclude me.
Can they really do that?
With computer modeling they can be very exact.
This isn't about boobs at all.
It's foreplay. Wait your turn.
Why did you start this group?
To protest the war.
We had our shirts on then!
There were nearly one hundred thousand
of us in the streets.
A sea of people.
But the local news reported
that only a few thousand showed up.
As if our protest didn't even happen.
So what did you do next?
We continued to protest with little effect
and we eventually learned that
in order to get your message heard
you had to shock people.
You had fantasies about this
college girl? She nothing but a talker.
A moment please, Your Honor.
Denny, we're trying to work here.
Give him your keys to play with.
And finally, Ms Levine.
What do you do for a living?
I run a women's shelter.
And if you are convicted and placed on
the State's Sexual Offender's registry,
what happens to you?
I would lose everything.
My job, my home, my standing
in the community.
So. If one wanted to intimidate people
from exercising their first amendment rights
this would be a good way to do it?
Objection!
Nothing further.
Ms Levine.
Your laudable work for battered women
not withstanding,
isn't it correct that you were arrested
only when you illegally
bared your breasts?
Yes.
You could have continued to make that
same statement
while keeping your clothes on?
But the message wouldn't have gotten the
same coverage.
So it's your contention
that it's alright to break laws
so long as you're trying to get a message across?
I think that's a gross exaggeration.
Our community has set standards and laws
for what it deems to be indecent behavior.
What our elected officials are doing is indecent.
My breasts are not.
You intentionally broke that law. Didn't you?
I took my top off.
In many cultures a woman's bared
breasts are not considered indecent!
But we're in America.
In America we're allowed to set our own
laws.  Are we not?
Yes.
Nothing further.
Your funeral's in a bar?
Funeral homes close too early.
And they don't have beer.
Nice outfit, but I do believe I said
hockey casuals.
I'm feeling a little like Alice
down the rabbit hole right now,
So I'm just gonna go with it.
That's an excellent attitude.
My family's gonna love you!
Your family?
It's my funeral.
Come on, come on. Come on!
Go! Go! Go spinny man! Go spinny man!
Wow, you've really picked up the lingo.
Yes! Ha! Ha!
I had to let him win. It's his funeral.
Aww, you got beat by a girl
and a dead guy. Deal with it.
If I could have your attention…
We have gathered here tonight
to pay our final respects to…
that guy who's eating the Buffalo wing.
I know we look at Daniel and
everyone here is thinking the same thing.
“How much is he leaving me in the will?”
Seriously, after our folks
passed, Daniel was the one there for us.
He always has been.
And he always will be.
To you. Bro.
I love you.
Now let's have some zamboni cake!
Hey! Hey, hey, hey!
You know, you're wrecking my funeral?
I know.
We're here, and it's you, and
your friends and your family.
And it's like a beginning only you're…
It sucks. That's it.
It just sucks.
This is good for you.
And everyone in there is unbelievable.
And I have been trying. I really have. But…
But…
you're dying and it's eating me up inside.
Go back to your party.
It's time for court, Denny.
I'm not going.
You took me to the circus and
you didn't show me any elephants.
I'm sorry.
But I am going to call the D.A. to the stand.
Well, that'll be fun. But it's not enough.
Be careful of Bodnar.
I'm not sure you want that whore as an enemy.
By definition he's my enemy.
He can't call the District Attorney.
I just did.
He was never included
in our witness list.
The Commonwealth hasn't had
ample time to prepare.
Your Honor, his testimony is relevant.
This case is all about the railroading
of my client's first amendment rights.
And Mr Bodnar seems to be conductor
on the said railroad.
It's a cheap stunt.
Enough.
I'm certain District Attorney Bodnar can
take care of himself.
I'll allow his testimony.
District Attorney Bodnar! Alan Shore.
Before we start, I just
wanna say I love those mailers
you send out come election time.
We're all inspired by the story of your roots,
your father the Czechoslovakian cobbler,
your mother the Czechoslovakian cobbler's wife.
I also wanna thank you for
taking the time to be here.
You're a busy man keeping criminals off
the street,
fighting for truth, justice and the American way,
and yet you make time to be here.
Every day.
This case must be very important to you.
It is.
I guess the question
on all of our minds is, why?
Well, Mr Shore, as you know
this was defiance of the law.
On a sizeable scale.
It was extremely offensive
to a large number of people.
And there were a lot of TV cameras out there.
And in here.
The point is, Ms Levine's
message was getting across! Wasn't it?
That's why this case is so important.
That's what's so frightening to you.
The truth was getting out.
The truth about the stranglehold
you and other politicians have
on our political system. Correct?
Mr Shore. I was elected to represent the
community and to act in their best interest.
People have right to political speech.
No matter how extreme.
They do not have the right to break the law
with lewd and lascivious behavior on the
streets of Boston…
Yes…
Mr Shore you asked me a question.
Please allow me to finish.
I don't know what society you live in
but our society has made it clear where
it stands on indecency.
If you're looking for a litmus test?
Just ask Janet Jackson.
Well, congratulations, Alan.
Your drilling of the D.A. on
the stand has really paid off.
The plea bargain he had set on the
Parson's case suddenly got rejected.
Gee, I wonder why?
Mr Parson did kill his wife.
I mean, he should go to jail.
We are now known in the D.A.'s office
as those SOB's from Crane, Poole and Schmidt.
And for what? You are still losing this case.
Paul, if that's all they're calling us?
Clearly I've not done my job.
I'm here! What do you want?
Brad, would you agree that you owe me one
for the egregious way you handled the
Holly Raines interview?
Alan, her attitude was…
The important thing is, I agree that you
owe me one.
Just follow my lead.
Mr Bodnar, we're gonna lose this case.
Yes, you are.
And I don't know what to do about it.
We could get to the appeals process,
but so many of our fine judges are
not into the first amendment these days.
And if by some miracle we make it
into the Supreme Court.
Well they're not that tickled with
the first amendment either!
So. As you can see. I am in a pickle.
You didn't need to come down here
to explain that to me.
No. I know.
But I did need to explain this. It's Brad here.
What about Brad here?
He's decided he's going to run
against you for District Attorney.
Really?
Yes.
I mean, I think he's a natural
for politics.  Don't you?
Look at him. Gorgeous.
And tough on crime. The man
single-handedly rescued a kidnapped child.
The Republican Party is bound to love him
because he's so demonstratively pro-torture.
A man who's not afraid to get his hands
dirty while he cuts off the fingers of others.
Oh! You're a Republican! Aren't you, Scott?
Mr Shore.
I wonder who your party'd rather have
carrying its standard?
You? Or Captain Handsome?
Brad, stand up and take your jacket off.
Yes. Ooh. Good.
Put it over the shoulder.
Wow!
I think this job is about more than looks.
Well. You'd have to think that, wouldn't you?
I notice the polls don't have you
doing too well with women voters.
You are aware my client runs
a shelter for battered women?
Do you think persecuting her will
play well with the distaff side?
Are you trying to threaten me?
Not me. It's my friend here.
This case has him so incensed! Doesn't it, Brad?
Yes.
It's inspired him to pluck his hat from
those beautiful blond
locks and toss it into the ring.
I can just see the two of you in a
televised debate.
Not, really. I can only see him
because you seem to fade
into the background.
Tell me, Brad, how many
of your clients are millionaires?
All of them.
Rich coffers to draw from.
It would be much nicer, wouldn't it
Mr Bodnar, to run unopposed?
Well. You've both made
some extremely valid points
and I think Goldilocks here
would be a formidable opponent.
I look forward to the campaign.
And Mr Shore, I look forward
to seeing you in court.
Brad, you know,
you don't actually have to run.
On the other hand
you've made a powerful enemy,
and I think you've learned a valuable
lesson about following my lead.
Thanks. Douchebag.
Hey!
Hi!
So? How was the rest of your funeral?
Oh, it was great.
It totally bombed.
So? Are we okay?
Daniel. I am the worst coward there is.
Yeah. Well. We all avoided you
then, when we were playing quarters.
No.
I can't keep going.
Okay, time out.
Don't decide anything just yet. Okay?
Because I got something.
Look, I'm going to Switzerland.
They got this experimental treatment in
St Moritz that I… scammed my way into.
And I don't know if it's gonna work.
But I figure it's worth a shot.
And if it does, I'll be back.
And then decide. Okay?
Okay.
You're going off like a dog aren't you?
What do you mean?
When a dog knows it's gonna die
he goes off into the woods by itself and uh,
rich guys go to St Moritz.
They have beautiful woods there.
Yes, they do.
I'll see you, Guido.
See ya.
Ms Levine took her shirt off.
That is not in dispute.
And she did it to make
a political point.
Now people make political points every day.
The TV, the press, on the internet,
expressing opinions of all kinds
without breaking the law.
For Ms Levine, our country's
guarantee of free speech wasn't enough.
Our guarantee of freedom of assembly?
Wasn't enough.
And apparently our guarantee of
freedom of the press wasn't enough.
None of these freedoms
were enough for Ms Levine
and the point she had to make. No.
She had to break the law by
violating our community standards of decency.
No one violated Ms Levine's freedom of speech!
Ms Levine violated our community laws.
Don't let her get away with it.
Jake Watson convicted of
molesting an eight-year-old girl.
Served two years, then convicted of
molesting an eleven-year-old girl.
John Bauers, convicted of multiple counts of rape.
Calvin Stevens, convicted of sodomizing and
molesting over a dozen boys ages six to ten.
This is a list of registered sex-offenders.
This is the list the prosecutor
thinks Ms Levine should be put on.
This is the company they think she belongs in.
Do you?
Do any of you think that a woman who
bared her breasts at a political rally
poses the same risk to the
community as rapists and child molesters?
Of course you don't.  And I'll let you
in on a little secret.
Neither do they.
You see they arrested Ms Levine and the
other women
before and charged them
with ‘disturbing the peace’.
When a woman is arrested for
sunbathing topless in a public park,
she's either charged with disturbing
the peace or more likely the cop says,
“Hey, lady put your shirt back on”. And
then he goes off to deal with real crime.
So why is Ms Levine different?
Because she was protesting redistricting.
Now, I know that may sound
arcane and theoretical to you.
But I assure you that to the politicians in power,
there is nothing more dear to their hearts.
If Ms Levine had written a scholarly
article about redistricting
for an obscure journal
that nobody would ever have read, the
District Attorney wouldn't have cared at all.
But she and the other women
made their argument topless.
People paid attention
because, let's face it,
when two hundred women take their
tops off, people are going to look.
But after they've gawked for a minute
they might ask,
“Why have they taken their tops off”?
And then they might find out
it's because of redistricting.
And then they might say, “Well, what is that?”
And then when they find out they might say,
“Oh my God!  Our politicians have
highjacked our Democracy”.
The prosecutor charged Ms Levine
for violating our community standards.
This is Boston.
Home of the Tea Party.
Home of the people and the spirit of
freedom that literally created this country.
Our community standard is that we
won't be silenced by the King of England,
much less the District Attorney!
Our community standard is that we speak
the truth to power.
And if those in power don't like it…
…too bad.
Oh, look at you. This is terrible.
I'll tell you what I'll do, Garry.
Garrett.
I'm not in the office all the time.
I mean I'm very busy over lunch and
morning break and afternoon coffee.
That would leave three or four hours
when I won't need the office at all.
Make yourself at home.
Thanks.
So you can be in there all during lunch
when you eat your two sandwiches.
Two sandwiches?
Oh. Yes.
You'll be buying two sandwiches off the cart.
The ones that aren't moving.
Usually it's liverwurst and tongue.
Bye.
Joke's on you! I like tongue!
Will the defendant please rise?
Has the jury reached unanimous verdict?
We have, Your Honor.
What say you?
In the matter of the Commonwealth versus
Irma Levine,
on the count of open and gross lewdness
and lascivious behavior,
we find the defendant,
not guilty.
Ladies and gentlemen of the jury
we thank you for your services.
Courts adjourned.
Congratulations.
I think you're closing made all
the difference. Thank you very much.
You're welcome. And about your protest.
Next time try pasties.
Well? Alan?
Thank you.
You're not actually going to say goodbye
to me in public courtroom?
Walk me out?
Excuse me? This elevator's taken.
Oh my.
Suddenly I'm feeling all the hope
and the anticipation and the ever so
slight trepidation of election day.
Ugh! What is this?
Diet Scotch. It's Bev's idea.
She wants me to slim down for the wedding.
I've been wondering, Denny. Are we drifting?
Drifting?
Apart.
Apart?
Yes.
No!
Good.
I'm gonna miss you, Denny once you're married.
I'm not going anywhere.
I've been married. Of course you are.
Learn the unknown English words
of this movie at www.skeebdo.com